My guys were carrying on from the previous lab and what we're going to demonstrate now is an application
load balancer with host based routing.
So what we had in the previous lab was a default rule sending traffic to target group 1 and then we
had a conditional rule that said that if the path was slash orders send a target group to.
So that's a path based rule.
Now we're looking at a host based rule so this means that the hostname is different.
So what we're going to do is the default rule is it's going to send traffic when we use DCT labs dot
com but the shop dot DCT labs dot com is going to send traffic to target group 2 so if you have this
in the URL then it's going to send its target group to.
So we're going to use Route 50 free to configure our DNS records.
So let's go back over to the console and set up round 50 free Route 50 free is a DNS system and you
can register domains you can configure health checks and you can set up DNS records with various policies
which will cover in a lot more detail in Section 6 of the course.
For now what we're going to do is go to hosted zones and I have my DCT labs dot com domain.
Now this is what I registered in Section 2 of the course in the optional lab so you may or may not have
your own hosted zone.
If you do have one it's going to be useful to follow along.
So what I want to do is create a record set and I'm going to leave the name here empty.
I'm just going to have DCT labs dot com and that's known as the zone apex when you don't have any other
name before it.
I'm then going to choose a and then alias and if I just left click in here I'll be able to see my load
balancer so I can see that I have an application load balancer here and I'm going to choose that and
choose create.
So that's going to give me the DNS record to connect to my load balancer using DCT labs dot com.
I now want to create another record set and this one is going to be shot dot DCT labs dot com.
Again it's going to be an alias.
And again it's going to points of the Al B.
So I now have my two records and what I now need to do is go back to easy to and I need to update my
load balance with a rule so let's choose low balances listeners you edit rules I'm going to click the
plus insert rule and condition and I'm going to choose host header and this time I'm going to put shop
dot DCT labs dot com
and for the action I'm gonna forward to target group two.
So again what we've got is our two roles going to save those if the hostname name is shopped out DCT
labs dot com forward to target group to otherwise go to target group 1.
So let's try this out.
I'm just gonna put DCT lamps dot com and I get xylem and clammy.
So those are the two instances which are in target group 1.
So now let's try putting in shop dot DCT lamps dot com and now we get Diane and Eleanor.
So that's working just as expected.
We have our two rules the default rule and we're using DCT lapse dot communists forwarding everything
to the two instances in target group 1 but then if we change the hostname to shop not DCT lapsed dot
com we go to target group 2 and get light balance between these two instances.
So that's great.
That's exactly how it should work.
I hope that work for you guys hope happening a lot of fun.
Now let's just go back and we can remove our configuration now.
So first thing to do.
Go into a load balancer.
Let's just delete our load balancer and then going to get rid of my target groups.
These don't cost anything but I don't need to use them or just recreate them when I need them.
And then we can go to instances and we can get rid of all four instances
and then the last thing to do.
Again you don't pay for it but I like to just clean things up.
Let's go back to Ralph 53 free and let's delete both of these records these two records that we created
and that's it for this lab guys in the next lab.
I'm going to introduce easy to auto scaling and so we're then gonna be using auto scanning in combination
with elastic low balances.
So we're gonna set up some fault tolerant resilient and scalable architectures.
So that should be a lot of fun.
See in the next lap guys.